# Node.js Foundation Package Maintenance Team Meeting 2019-01-14

## Links

* **Recording**:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ocXFf_7Alws
* **GitHub Issue**:  https://github.com/nodejs/package-maintenance/issues/129

## Present

* Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
* Gabriel Schulhof
* Emily Platzer (@craftninja)
* Wes Todd (@wesleytodd)
* Rick Markins (@rxmarbles)
* Keith Holliday (@thehollidayinn)
* Ian Sutherland (@iansu)
* Lance Ball (@lance)
* Christopher Hiller (@boneskull)
* Glenn Hinks (@ghinks)
* Dominykas Blyžė (@dominykas)
* Charlie Robbins (@indexzero)
* Viktor Vershanskij (@wentout)
* Manuel Spigolon (@eomm)

## Agenda

## Announcements
 
*Extracted from **package-maintenance-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/package-maintenance

* Discussion: Baseline practices - brainstorm initial list [#119](https://github.com/nodejs/package-maintenance/issues/119)
  * Next action is to summarize discussion so far and then start opening issues for
    specific practices that we are going to start working on. Rick Markins (@rxmarbles) is
    going to do that.
* Discussion: Node.JS Slack channel [#118](https://github.com/nodejs/package-maintenance/issues/118)
  * FYI about availability of slack channel
  * Comment about one of the links not work. Michael filled in that there has been some
    work to improve the registration so maybe something got broken.
  * Emily will send in PR to fix URL for registration which seems to be the issue
* Which Problems Node.js OSS maintainers/authors face today? [#113](https://github.com/nodejs/package-maintenance/issues/113)
  * Glen package, already have maintainers, but the’ve inherited them and
    are looking for specific expertise.  
  * We start with “Friendlies” which ties into 105
  * Chris maybe we should not reach out to maintainers of a large number of modules
    * Many people who have only 1 or 2 
    * Wes, Brian Carleson (maintains 1 large package)
  * Next action is generate list of people we can then reach out to. Will be captured in one 
    of the issues Wes is going to open for 105.
* Process to identify and engage  with "Key Packages" [#105](https://github.com/nodejs/package-maintenance/issues/105)
  * From issue, people onboard with 3 phase path.
  * Next step is Wes will open the 3 issues.
* discourage use of unmaintained packages [#93](https://github.com/nodejs/package-maintenance/issues/93)
  * Glenn, concern is we may think its not maintained, but maintainer may disagree
  * Charlie, biggest challenge is ghosting, problem is you are just not there. If its not
    opt-in you need to label.
  * Glen time period would need quite long to be more comfortable.
  * Charlie, some cases like you have not updated for security issue, PR exists.
  * Dominykas
     * npm deprecate is relatively new, so we can advocate for it and for not
       using deprecated modules.
  * General discussion -> we should probably figure out some of the suggestions around
    support levels(being discussed in baseline practices discussion)
    
*  Suggestion: Provide template/guides/automation for common maintainer needs [#17](https://github.com/nodejs/package-maintenance/issues/17)
   * Wes, much content is covered in other issues, will pull out what is not and open new issue(s)
      to cover that and then close this one.

* Suggestion: Display a projects business model [#6](https://github.com/nodejs/package-maintenance/issues/6)
  * Some discussion, ties in with defining support level as well.


* Question about meeting times
  * Agreed to do every other week
  * Will use poll to choose alternate time

## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.


