# Node.js Foundation Package Maintenance Team Meeting 2020-01-14


## Links

* **Recording**: https://youtu.be/t_Sys4vh62U
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/package-maintenance/issues/305

## Present

* Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
* Bethany Griggs (@BethGriggs)
* Glenn Hinks (@ghinks)
* Owen Buckley (@thescientist13)
* Andrew Hughes (@andrewhughes101)
* ljharb
* Wes Todd

## Agenda

## Announcements
 
*Extracted from **package-maintenance-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.


### nodejs/package-maintenance


* 2FA in CI [#282](https://github.com/nodejs/package-maintenance/pull/282)
  * Michael to follow up with Darcy in terms of how/where the npm proposal will be
    Documented. (Owen pointed this out: https://github.com/nodejs/package-maintenance/pull/282#issuecomment-554016670)
    So we should expect an RFC)
  * Some discussion of newly opensource solution from Google as another option: 
    https://opensource.googleblog.com/2020/01/wombat-dressing-room-npm-publication_10.html

* Collab Summit Topic [#268](https://github.com/nodejs/package-maintenance/issues/268)
  * Collab summit happened closing.

* Document the current 'top 10' express' issues [#233](https://github.com/nodejs/package-maintenance/issues/233)
  * On the triage side
    *  10 people added as triagers
    * ~4 have been active so far

    * Updating PR to merge triage process, hope to do it this weekend, Wes to open
      issue in package-maintenance repo to see how we recommend/document this for other
      projects

  * pkgs status board
    * Need help on this.  Express data is falling out of sync

  * Top issues for getting Express 5 out have been updated.
    * https://github.com/expressjs/express/pull/2237#issuecomment-570058548
    * Going to promote through https://twitter.com/UseExpressJS

  * Some feedback on https://github.com/expressjs/discussions/issues/98 would be good.

  * Web server framework team is being kicked off
    
* Next steps on Support levels in Package.json [#192](https://github.com/nodejs/package-maintenance/issues/192)
  * Tweak to reference the funding proposal/fields
    * Idea is to decouple the funding info from the support field, links would be
      References to the funding field.
  * Update pkgs validation tool to support current version (want tooling before we call for input)
  * Broader call for input.

* CITGM/module dependencies
 * [#84](https://github.com/nodejs/package-maintenance/issues/84)
 * [#179](https://github.com/nodejs/package-maintenance/issues/179)
 * [#299](https://github.com/nodejs/package-maintenance/issues/299)
 * Ran out of time to discuss, but agreed we need a separate meeting to push forward. Bethany
   to set one up.

## Project Board Review (maybe, if time permits).
 * No time this week

Ask participants about the state of [Project Board](https://github.com/nodejs/package-maintenance/projects/1) and necessary changes if time permits.


## Q&A, Other


## Upcoming Meetings


* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar


Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
